clarify architectureUsage property (#1107)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/selectVeePort.rst

   The legacy ``JPF`` format of a VEE Port is not supported anymore in the SDK 6. 
   If you want to use a VEE Port ``.jpf`` file, you have to use :ref:`the SDK 5 <sdk_user_guide>`.

.. _sdk_6_architecture_usage_selection:

Architecture Usage Selection
----------------------------

When the selected VEE Port is :ref:`fetched from a repository <sdk_6_select_veeport_module>` or is a :ref:`subproject of a multi-project <sdk_6_select_veeport_in_multiproject>`, 
the Architecture Usage can be defined in the project which needs it (an Application for example).
This is done by setting the ``architectureUsage`` property in the ``microej`` block in the ``build.gradke.kts`` file::

   microej {
      architectureUsage = "prod"
   }

Set the property to ``prod`` to use a Production Architecture and to ``eval`` to use an Evaluation Architecture.
If not set, the ``eval`` value is used.

.. warning::

>    When the VEE Port is a local archive or folder, the Architecture Usage has been defined when the VEE Port
>    has been built and can no longer be changed. If the VEE Port is built in SDK 6,
>    the Architecture Usage is defined by setting the ``architectureUsage`` property in the ``build.gradke.kts`` file of the VEE Port project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When the VEE Port is a local archive or folder (``microejVee(files(...))``), the Architecture Usage is defined when the VEE Port is built (with the task ``buildVeePort``) and can no longer be changed.
   When the VEE Port is built in SDK 6, the Architecture Usage is defined by setting the ``architectureUsage`` property in the ``build.gradke.kts`` file of the VEE Port project.
```

Reviewer: WDYT?

Author: OK, I just moved "(with the ``buildVeePort`` task)" in the second sentence since it concerns VEE Ports built in SDK 6 only.
